README.md, before:

# Commands

## Create

TODO: add explanation

    git init

TODO: add explanation

    git clone


## Record changes

TODO: add explanation

    git status

TODO: add explanation

    git add

TODO: add explanation

    git commit -v


## View history and changes

TODO: add explanation

    git log

TODO: add explanation

    git diff

TODO: add explanation

    git show

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout


## Undo things

TODO: add explanation

    git reset HEAD

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout --

TODO: add explanation

    git revert


## Branches

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout -b

TODO: add explanation

    git branch

TODO: add explanation

    git branch -d

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout

TODO: add explanation

    git merge


## Working with remotes

TODO: add explanation

    git remote -v

TODO: add explanation

    git remote add

TODO: add explanation

    git fetch

TODO: add explanation

    git pull

TODO: add explanation

    git push


# Vocabulary

* HEAD:
* branch:
* check out:
* clone:
* commit:
* fork:
* index:
* master:
* remote:
* repository:
* staging area:
* tag:
* upstream:
* version control system (vcs):

Commit message:

Added explanation for "git clone" command

README.md, after:

# Commands

## Create

TODO: add explanation

    git init

TODO: "git clone" clones the file from the git repository to the directory that you are currently in (you may give it a new name in your directory, if you like).

    git clone


## Record changes

TODO: add explanation

    git status

TODO: add explanation

    git add

TODO: add explanation

    git commit -v


## View history and changes

TODO: add explanation

    git log

TODO: add explanation

    git diff

TODO: add explanation

    git show

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout


## Undo things

TODO: add explanation

    git reset HEAD

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout --

TODO: add explanation

    git revert


## Branches

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout -b

TODO: add explanation

    git branch

TODO: add explanation

    git branch -d

TODO: add explanation

    git checkout

TODO: add explanation

    git merge


## Working with remotes

TODO: add explanation

    git remote -v

TODO: add explanation

    git remote add

TODO: add explanation

    git fetch

TODO: add explanation

    git pull

TODO: add explanation

    git push


# Vocabulary

* HEAD:
* branch:
* check out:
* clone:
* commit:
* fork:
* index:
* master:
* remote:
* repository:
* staging area:
* tag:
* upstream:
* version control system (vcs):
